קורות חיים



 Academic education 
  	Academic positions 
|  Tenured Faculty Member and Researcher, Negev School of Architecture SCE,
                          
        Shamoon College of Engineering, Beer-Sheva, Israel.
https://www.sce.ac.il/faculty/batel_yossef_ravid


 
         2024-Present       	Director of research Researcher at the NUR (Negev Urban Research) lab, a collaboration
                                     	  of the MIT Media Lab, Ben Gurion University of the Negev, and SCE Negev
                                      	 School of Architecture.
https://www.nurlab.org/

 
     	 
2024
                        Institute for Israeli Thought, Associate Fellow.
https://israelithought.co.il/

חוקרת ויוצרת כלים דיגיטלים לדמויון מרחבי פוליטי

 
2021-2023         	Adjunct Teaching Associate, Faculty of Architecture and Town Planning,
                             	Technion–Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa.
 
2020-2021 	          Teaching Assistant, Faculty of Architecture and Town Planning, Technion–Israel
              	               Institute of Technology, Haifa.
 
2013-2017              Teaching Assistant, Department of Architecture, Bezalel Academy of Art and
                            	Design, Jerusalem.

 
 
 	 Grants
2025, Yossef Ravid, B. (Negev School of Architecture SCE): “Innovation in Urban Design: Digital Twin and Collaborative Dialogue Space for Be’er Sheva’s Historic Neighborhoods.”. Funder: SCE – Early-Career Research Grant. NIS 120,000
 
2023, Yossef Ravid, B. (Technion Faculty of Architecture), Aharon-Gutman, M. (Technion Faculty of Architecture), Avrahami, A. (Technion Faculty of Data Science): “A Data-Driven Interactive Simulation Tool: Enabling the Policy and Design of Sustainable Aging Urbanism.” Funder: Technion Artificial Intelligence Hub, Faculty of Data Science.  NIS 40,000.
 
2022, Yossef Ravid, B. (Technion Faculty of Architecture), Aharon-Gutman, M. (Technion Faculty of Architecture), “The Social Digital Twin as a Platform for Data-driven Policy Simulation: A View from the (Urban) South.” Funder: Ministry of Science, Technology, and Space. NIS 499,999.

.  	Awards
 
2023 – Israel Planners Association, “Hagit Adiv Prize” – For leadership in the field of social planning.
 
2022 – Technion–Israel Institute of Technology, “Gutwirth Prize” – For academic excellence.
 
2021 – Technion–Israel Institute of Technology, “Machine Learning and Intelligent Systems (MLIS)” – For cross-disciplinary research integrated with data science.
 
2020 – RCA-Royal College of Art, London, UK – For outstanding alumni.
 
2017 – Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design, “Clore Bezalel-RCA Leadership" – For an outstanding graduate student at Bezalel to support Master's degree studies at RCA (awarded with full tuition fees).
 
2012 – Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design, “Paul and Diane Schatz Award” – For an outstanding project with social content
 
 
 
 
